"The good life is not one immune to sadness but one in which suffering contributes to our development."
"Sad hurts but it's a healthy feeling. It is a necessary thing to feel."
“Don’t give up when dark times come. The more storms you face in life, the stronger you’ll be. Hold on. Your greater is coming.”
“Laugh now, cry later.”
“Chin up buttercup, everything’s gonna be ok.”
"Don’t look back! You’re not going that way."
"May your hard times last only as long as a Kardashian marriage."
“One small crack does not mean you are broken, it means that you were put to the test and you didn’t fall apart.”
“Life is a mixture of sunshine and rain, teardrops and laughter, pleasure and pain. Just remember, there was never a cloud that the sun couldn’t shine through.”
“God gives us dreams at night so that we can turn them into reality during the day. So have faith and move ahead.”
“I know you, you are awesome, you are strong and you will be able to make things better.”
“Smile when in leisure. Smile when in pain. Smile when troubles pour like rain. Smile when someone hurt your feelings, coz you know, smiling always starts the healing!”
“Life is too short for us to dwell on sadness. Cheer up and live life to the fullest.”
“You’ll never find a rainbow if you’re looking down.”
“Be of good cheer. The future is as bright as your faith.”
“Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.”
“If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.”
“No matter what, nobody can take away the dances you’ve already had.”
There is nothing in the world more constant than changes! Do not forget it when a black stripe appears in your life.
“If you are still breathing maybe it is not such a bad day after all.”
“Go as far as you can see and you will see further.”
“Stop searching the world for treasure, the real treasure is in yourself.”
Cheer up my friend, I will be here for you now and until the end of time, forever and ever, love."
“You alone are enough. You have nothing to prove to anybody.”
“To be a great champion you must believe you are the best. If you’re not, pretend you are.”
“A cheerful frame of mind, reinforced by relaxation is the medicine that puts all ghosts of fear on the run.”
“Once they move, they’re gone. Once you move, life starts over again.”
“If you really love something set it free. If it comes back it’s yours, if not it wasn’t meant to be.”
“People will always throw stones in your path. What will happen depends on what you make out of it – a wall or a bridge! So cheer up and move on.”
“Life is too short for us to dwell on sadness. Cheer up and live life to the fullest.”
Done!